GAPS based on TOC of doc from Amith
-----------------------------------
Audience: my definition of audience was more about projects/systems that will consume this service
Use Cases/Applications: GAP
Requirements 
	. Business Requirements: GAP
	. Functionl Requirements: GAP
	. Technical Requirements: NEW
Assumptions (both Business and Technical): GAP
User Stories (I removed 'Technical Overview' because should not be part of user stories)
Technical Design
	. Sequence Diagrams: covereed: 1 overall diagram, 1 per API = 4 total
	. Data Objects/API Definitions: covered
. Data Mapping: let's agree of the definition of mappings: my definition of mappings is:
		. experience API contract to Canonical (inside the experience layer)
		. Canonical to End System format (inside the system layer)

		. Other external mappings I feel are outside the scope of this template
		
Design Decision and Alternative Considerations: GAP
Security & Encryption: partially covered, adding sub-sections
	. PII encryption
	. encryption at rest
	. encryption of specific fields within request or response payload, in addition to SSL
Performance: covered in SLA section
Deployment considerations: GAP, agree need to cover availability and redundancy
Quality Assurance: GAP
	. Unit Tests: let's define a reasonable code coverage (e.g. each use case needs 1 happy path and 1 unhappy path
	. QA tools, automation, load...
	. System Tests: GAP
	. Integration Tests: GAP
	. Acceptance Criteria: I moved it as sub-section of QA, need an acceptance criteria for each use case
	
Error Handling: I feel that all APIs should be relying on a unique ErrorHandling / Notification system (built as a system layer app)
				For each API, we should define how to report errors - commonly to all API methods or on a use case by use case basis (*).
				(*) Required to define the unhappy path use cases for unit testing and integration testing.
				
Logging Framework: OUT OF SCOPE - should be part of an overarching documentation providing consistency in logging approach and tooling
to all APIs within Hertz

Management, Monitoring and Maintenance: GAP
	. define ports to monitor
	. define list of business events
	. define alerts in cloudhub for unhealthy conditions
	. define list of Ops Team recipient of email alerts
	
Additional Information: OUT OF SCOPE
